
## Assignment Part-1
Q1. Why do we call Python a general-purpose and high-level programming language?
Python is a general-purpose programming language as it is built for a wide variety of application domains. It’s designed to be used in many applications like data science, web development, automation, etc.
It’s a high-level programming language as it emphasizes code readability with significant indentation. It is dynamically typed and garbage–collected. It incorporates modules, exceptions, and classes. It is interpreted, interactive, procedural, and functional.

Q2. Why is Python called a dynamically typed language?
Python is dynamically typed which means that variable types are determined and checked at runtime rather than during compilation. It doesn’t need to explicitly declare the variable type before using it.

Q3. List some pros and cons of Python programming language?

Q4. In what domains can we use Python?
Data Science, Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Scientific Computing, Networking and Web development. 

Q5. What are variables and how can we declare them?
Variables are containers for storing data values.

Q6. How can we take an input from the user in Python?
We can take input by using the INPUT function which is INPUT () from the user.

Q7. What is the default datatype of the value that has been taken as an input using input() function?
By default, input returns a string.




Q8. What is type casting?
A method used to change the variable values declared in a certain data type into different data types to match the operation required to be performed by the code snippet.

Q9. Can we take more than one input from the user using single input() function? If yes, how? If no, why? 
IN python user can take multiple values or inputs in one line by two methods using split ().

Q10. What are keywords?

Q11. Can we use keywords as a variable? Support your answer with reason.

Q12. What is indentation? What's the use of indentaion in Python?

Q13. How can we throw some output in Python?

Q14. What are operators in Python?

Q15. What is difference between / and // operators?

Q16. Write a code that gives following as an output.
```
iNeuroniNeuroniNeuroniNeuron
